from time to time we sent cousin Sal out
into the world to shake things up Sal is
the Michael Jordan of mischief-making
and this time we sent him to Oakland
with a very real looking Larry O'Brien
trophy now this is the trophy they give
the NBA champions we made a replica of
it and invited Warriors fans to take a
picture with the trophy what they didn't
know is that the Larry O'Brien trophy
was rigged to fall apart as soon as they
touched it and here is my cousin Sal
backstage at the NBA Finals hi there Hey
Dude what's your name Rick Rick hey Ben
you familiar with the Larry O'Brien
trophy Wow now do me a favor could you
just sign this come over here just sign
this that says you're not gonna run away
with the trophy
okay I'm gonna smash it over your head
do anything stupid like that yeah that's
how we cover ourselves basically sign
there and then just initial here saying
it unless you want to take insurance one
right there client yeah declined editor
right pulling for the Warriors no
absolutely wonder you know sometimes it
that it's until they get in a clutch
situation you know and it's like
everything's a little relaxed but the
guard that's supposed to okay so yeah so
get back there in the picture all right
snuggle up close beautiful getting you
close pretty good good hey warriors
what happens saying that you take
responsibility for it if anything should
happen to the trophy touch it alright
and yeah initial they're saying I must
want to take insurance everyone declines
it yeah yeah it's priceless priceless
trophy what happened coming together
Oh what did you do he signed these signs
saying is liable and you declined the
insurance right good I need you to sign
a little something first put it
yeah I'm oh so did you sign it I'll put
it down put it on the table all for you
decide I got uh you got your rules and
just initial there if you want to
decline insurance a lot of people do
that yeah there you go
all right can we come in the Warriors
games for a long time
three say Crocodile Dundee one two three
what I didn't touch it
what did you do like your elbow hit it I
did not even touch it
I mean broke off a minute like it's
balloon oh well you got in sure you
signed for the insurance part right on
the thing I just signed a clump it's not
oh no no no no no no no no no no are you
joking with me yeah it says right here
you didn't you didn't get the insurance
and as a result I accept full
responsibility for any and all damage to
said trophy and Klum and not eliminating
it all repair look oh not to exceed I
don't want $5,000 $5,000 wow wow wow wow
I'll see you in for
[Applause]
I'm sorry everybody else if you liked
that video click Subscribe and we'll be
together until one of us dies